WootzApp uses various agreements to accept contributions of software code and documentation from individuals and corporations, and to accept larger grants of existing software products.

These agreements help us achieve our goal of providing reliable and long-lived software products through collaborative, open-source software development. In all cases, contributors retain full rights to use their original contributions for any other purpose outside of WootzApp, while providing the WootzApp and its projects the right to distribute and build upon their work.

The purpose of this agreement is to clearly define the terms under which intellectual property has been contributed to WootzApp and thereby allow us to defend the project should there be a legal dispute regarding the software. An individual must have submitted a signed CLA to the WootzApp before we give them commit/merge rights to any WootzApp project. This agreement language is very standard and has been originally cloned from other open source projects in the ecosystem. 

# WootzApp INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT

You accept and agree the below terms and conditions of this Contributor License Agreement (this “CLA”) for all current and future Contributions You provide to WootzApp, Inc. (“WootzApp”). This CLA does not change your ability to use your own Contributions. Except as stated herein, you reserve all right, title and interest in Your Contributions.   

1. **Copyright License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to WootzApp and its affiliates, and to recipients of software distributed by WootzApp or its affiliates, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute Your Contributions and such derivative works.
2. **Patent License**. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to WootzApp and its affiliates, and to recipients of software distributed by WootzApp or its affiliates, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work and derivative works, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this CLA for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.
3.  **Rights to Grant Licenses**. You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above licenses. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to WootzApp, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with WootzApp.
4. **Original Creation**. You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation (see section 6 for submissions on behalf of others). You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of any third-party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your Contributions.
5. **Support**. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
6. **Not Original Works**. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to WootzApp separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".
7. **Notice of Update**. You agree to notify WootzApp of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any respect.
8. **Definitions**.
     -  “**You**” (or “**Your**”) shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with WootzApp. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
     - “**Contribution**” shall mean the code, documentation or any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is or has previously been submitted by You to WootzApp or its affiliates for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by WootzApp or its affiliates (the “Work”). For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to WootzApp or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, WootzApp for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution" at the time of submission.
